Add support for custom remediation messages (#928)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20240701_180409_fnareoh_scrt_4626_ggshield_display_custom_remediation_message_in_ggshield_if.md

### Changed

> - ggshield now has the ability to display custom remediation on pre-commit, pre-push and pre-receive, defined in the plateform and given through the api metadata endpoint.

Reviewer: Suggestion:  
```suggestion
- ggshield now has the ability to display custom remediation messages on pre-commit, pre-push and pre-receive. These messages are defined in the platform and fetched from the `/metadata` endpoint of the API. If no messages are set up on the platform, default remediation messages will be displayed as before.
```
